Task-52830 : Add documentation to explain how to configure password complexity (#310)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Configuration.rst

    The field "User Name" must match the format "^[a-z0-9._%+-]+@[a-z0-9.-]+\.[a-z]{2,4}$".

**Configuration of password validator**

By default, the password will be validated as follows:

-  The length must be between 9 and 256 characters.

-  Must contains at minima 1 digit, 1 lower case, 1 upper case

> This default configuration correspond to the minimal password length required by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This default configuration correspond to the minimal password length recommended by
```

> `ANSSI <https://www.ssi.gouv.fr/uploads/2021/10/anssi-guide-authentification_multifacteur_et_mots_de_passe.pdf>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ANSSI-PG-078 <https://www.ssi.gouv.fr/uploads/2021/10/anssi-guide-authentification_multifacteur_et_mots_de_passe.pdf>`__ in low to medium sensitivity contexts.
```

> If you want to change the password validation to use the middle level defined by ANSSI, you could use the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to change the password validation in medium to high sensitivity contexts, the ANSSI recommends to use the following the following
```

> If you want to change the password validation to use the middle level defined by ANSSI, you could use the following

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to change the password validation in medium to high sensitivity contexts, the ANSSI recommends using the following
```

configuration :

::

    # validators
    gatein.validators.passwordpolicy.regexp=((?=.*\\d)(?=.*[a-z])(?=.*[A-Z]).\\{12,256\\})
    gatein.validators.passwordpolicy.length.max=256
    gatein.validators.passwordpolicy.length.min=12
    gatein.validators.passwordpolicy.format.message=Minimum of 1 digit, 1 lower case, 1 upper case, minimum of 12 chars.

> If you want to change the password validation to use the strong level defined by ANSSI, you could use the following configuration :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to change the password validation in high to very high sensitivity contexts, the ANSSI recommends to use the following the following configuration
```

::

    # validators
    gatein.validators.passwordpolicy.regexp=((?=.*\\d)(?=.*[a-z])(?=.*[A-Z]).\\{15,256\\})
    gatein.validators.passwordpolicy.length.max=256
    gatein.validators.passwordpolicy.length.min=15
    gatein.validators.passwordpolicy.format.message=Minimum of 1 digit, 1 lower case, 1 upper case, minimum of 15 chars.

> .. note:: Even if we define a maximum for the password length, we do not display it to the user. It a technical limit to prevent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Even when the maximum password length is not set, that maximum will not be revealed to the end user. This is done on purpose to limit exposure to
```

          some attacks related to very long password.

.. note:: If you need to define more rules for password complexity, you can update the regexp according to your rules. Remember

>           to update the error message according to your modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          to update the error message accordingly to help the user enter a valid password.
```
